
presto.social Privacy Policy
When you visit The Site, we may collect and store general, non-identifiable information about what pages you access, your general geographic location (e.g., a city, but not a street address), the device you are using, an anonymized version of your IP address, and the address of web sites that refer you to the Site. We also store your email address and UserID that you choose when you register for an account.


presto.social uses an anonymized version of Google Analytics and Segment to gather and aggregate general information about user behavior. Google/Segment may use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the site, compiling reports on site activity for us and providing other services relating to site activity and internet usage. Google/Segment may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google/Segment’s behalf. To the best of our knowledge, the information gathered by Google/Segment onpresto.social’s behalf is collected in such a way that neither presto.social, nor Google/Segment, can easily trace saved information back to any individual user.


The Site is a platform built for posting and sharing content publicly. You should assume that anything you post or upload on the Site other than private messages will be accessed by the public.


Search engines will be able to see the content you post. Content you post may be copied, shared, or re-posted on the Site and on other parts of the internet in ways that you and we cannot control.


We have made it easy for you to delete posted content from your personal account, and also to delete your account altogether (there’s a link to do so on your personal settings page).


However, we may store backups of your content on our servers, even after it is deleted or after you delete your account.


Furthermore, deleting your account or specific content doesn’t mean that your content hasn’t been copied or shared on the Site, and on other parts of the internet by people or services that have nothing to do with the Site.


We strongly suggest that you consider this when deciding what to post and what not to post on the Site (or anywhere on the Internet, for that matter). Please post responsibly!